Add YouTube Video Embeds to Docs Site (#66)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: builders/interact/ethereum-api/libraries/ethersjs.md

# Ethers.js JavaScript Library

> <style>.video-container{display:flex;justify-content:space-between;max-width:1000px;margin:0 auto;}.video-column{width:49%;}.embed-container{position:relative;padding-bottom:56.25%;height:0;overflow:hidden;max-width:100%;margin-bottom:10px;}.embed-container iframe,.embed-container object,.embed-container embed{position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;}.caption{font-family:Open Sans,sans-serif;font-size:0.9em;color:rgba(170,170,170,1);font-style:italic;letter-spacing:0px;position:relative;}</style><div class="video-container"><div class="video-column"><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/bXtknNifO78?si=Hjiah5yhKvBcsE7f' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div><div class="caption">How to Send a Simple Transaction</div></div><div class="video-column"><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/m9iVeCP7owI?si=krm6z9AsFCDrjlJh' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div><div class="caption">How to Deploy a Contract</div></div></div>

Reviewer: I'm sorry for the back and forth! I just re-read Alberto's last comment about the captions, and I agree. I don't think we need the caption or text underneath the videos, but I'm also not opposed to them. So, I would agree with Alberto and say either add the text beneath all of the videos or remove them here

## Introduction {: #introduction }

The [Ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.org/){target=_blank} library provides a set of tools to interact with Ethereum Nodes with JavaScript, similar to [Web3.js](/builders/interact/ethereum-api/libraries/web3js){target=_blank}. Tanssi EVM ContainerChains have an Ethereum-like API available that is fully compatible with Ethereum-style JSON RPC invocations. Therefore, developers can leverage this compatibility and use the Ethers.js library to interact with a Tanssi EVM ContainerChain node as if they were doing so on Ethereum. For more information on Ethers.js, check their [documentation site](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/){target=_blank}.

In this guide, you'll learn how to use the Ethers.js library for your Tanssi EVM ContainerChain. Next, to showcase the library in action, you'll use Ethers.js to send a transaction and deploy a contract on a Tanssi EVM ContainerChain running in Tanssi's [Dancebox](/builders/tanssi-network/networks/dancebox){target=_blank} TestNet. This guide can be adapted for your own Tanssi EVM ContainerChain by simply changing the endpoint. 

> If you prefer to follow video tutorials, you'll find corresponding video tutorials below for [Sending Transactions with Ethers.js](#send-a-transaction) and [Deploying Contracts with Ethers.js](#deploy-a-contract).

Reviewer: This just needs to be updated now 🙂

The [Ethers.js](https://docs.ethers.org/){target=_blank} library provides a set of tools to interact with Ethereum Nodes with JavaScript, similar to [Web3.js](/builders/interact/ethereum-api/libraries/web3js){target=_blank}. Tanssi EVM ContainerChains have an Ethereum-like API available that is fully compatible with Ethereum-style JSON RPC invocations. Therefore, developers can leverage this compatibility and use the Ethers.js library to interact with a Tanssi EVM ContainerChain node as if they were doing so on Ethereum. For more information on Ethers.js, check their [documentation site](https://docs.ethers.org/v6/){target=_blank}.

> In this guide, you'll learn how to use setup the Ethers.js library for your Tanssi EVM ContainerChain. Next, to showcase the library in action, you'll use Ethers.js to send a transaction and deploy a contract on a Tanssi EVM ContainerChain running in Tanssi's [Dancebox](/builders/tanssi-network/networks/dancebox){target=_blank} TestNet. This guide can be adapted for your own Tanssi EVM ContainerChain by simply changing the endpoint. If you prefer following video tutorials, you'll find a corresponding video tutorial for [Sending Transactions with Ethers.js](#send-a-transaction) and [Deploying Contracts with Ethers.js](#deploy-a-contract)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you'll learn how to use the Ethers.js library for your Tanssi EVM ContainerChain. Next, to showcase the library in action, you'll use Ethers.js to send a transaction and deploy a contract on a Tanssi EVM ContainerChain running in Tanssi's [Dancebox](/builders/tanssi-network/networks/dancebox){target=_blank} TestNet. This guide can be adapted for your own Tanssi EVM ContainerChain by simply changing the endpoint. 

If you prefer to follow video tutorials, you'll find a corresponding video tutorial for [Sending Transactions with Ethers.js](#send-a-transaction) and [Deploying Contracts with Ethers.js](#deploy-a-contract).
```

During this section, you'll be creating a couple of scripts. The first one will be to check the balances of your accounts before trying to send a transaction. The second script will actually send the transaction.

> <style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/bXtknNifO78?si=T6VtPQyS6q01RC3Q' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

Reviewer: The placement of this one should maybe be after the following sentence
